today i'm going to show you a
psychological thriller film called gone
girl
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
nick and amy dunn were the happiest
couple they knew until they weren't in
the middle of their rocky marriage the
rich and beautiful amy goes missing and
all the evidence points to her seemingly
unbothered husband nick
with his wife lying against him nick
slowly strokes her hair he thinks about
cracking her skull on spooling her
brains to get answers on the day of his
fifth anniversary nick visits the bar
which he co-owns with his twin sister
margot he asks for a glass of bourbon
then with a sour mood tells her what day
it is
margot was never a big fan of amy's soul
like nick she isn't enthusiastic about
the anniversary either
sometime in the past amy was writing
about how happy she was on her diary she
met the witty and charming nick at a
party in new york nick tried to convince
her that he's not just fooling around
with her amy doesn't believe him saying
that his chin makes him look villainous
in response nick covers his chin before
promising that he really is serious with
her while they're walking past a bakery
the two of them get covered in sugar and
nick tells her that she can't go through
a sugar storm on kissed he wiped some of
the sugar off her lips then kissed her
softly
back to the present margot asks nick if
amy will do another one of their
anniversary treasure hunts
since the riddles tend to be about her
she gets mad at nick when he doesn't
know the answer he then receives a call
from his neighbor informing him that his
cat is outside their house this prompts
him to go home to bring the cat back in
once he's home nick calls for amy only
to receive no response while looking for
her he finds their living room table
flipped over with the glass completely
shattered
when detective rhonda boney and officer
james gilpin arrive they start their
investigation immediately
though everything looks normal at first
rhonda sees a small splatter of blood in
the kitchen she marks it and james gives
nick a suspicious look they then go to
amy's office next and through the poster
there rhonda discovers that amy elliott
dunn is the main character of the
popular children's book amazing amy
in amy's next diary entry she wrote
about getting married
she and nick were at her parents party
to celebrate the next installment of the
book where amazing amy was going to get
married bitter and jealous amy comments
about how the book's material was just
an improved version of her own
inadequacies as she explains during an
interview with a group of reporters
amazing amy was always one step ahead of
her to her delight nick joined in on the
interview to propose
in present day nick's brought to the
police station for questioning despite
the increasing crime and drug problems
in the city he appears laid back about
his wife's disappearance even cracking a
joke or two the more nick gets
questioned the clearer it becomes that
he doesn't pay attention to his wife
he doesn't know what she does all day if
she has any friends or what her blood
type is
rhonda's frustration peaks when she
finds out that nick hasn't even called
amy's parents yet and she makes him
invite them to the press conference
tomorrow
in another diary entry nick and amy were
two years into their marriage
they were happy marriage didn't feel
like work like others said it would nick
knew her inside out he could answer her
treasure hunt riddle with ease and he
even got her the same present she got
him as an anniversary gift
continuing with the investigation ronda
had sent the forensic team over to
inspect the done household leaving nick
to stay the night at margot's place a
pregnant noel hawthorne approaches ronda
and she claims to be amy's best friend
rhonda's surprised by this and she
agrees to meet her later before heading
inside the house
they find their first clue in amy's
underwear drawer in the form of a note
literally labelled as clue 1. during the
conference nick delivers his plea for
the people's help in a stiff and
uncaring manner while the reporters
swarm amy's parents rand and mary beth
with questions nick is told to stand
next to amy's missing poster and smile
he passively obliges after the press
conference rhonda asks nick about the
clue she found in amy's belongings nick
knows the answer to the riddle and he
takes her to his office in the school
he's teaching in
there nick finds the second clue while
rhonda spots a pair of red-hot underwear
nick looks rather troubled and he
directs rhonda's attention back to the
clue
the second one mentions a little brown
house which nick claims he doesn't know
later that evening nick goes to his
father's old house
nobody lives there anymore since his
father now spends his days in a nursing
home
he finds the third clue there and hides
it from ronda who he suspects is
following him once inside his car nick
reads the third clue and in his
frustration he curses his wife before
hitting the steering wheel for amy's
next diary entry she described the
recession that left the two of them
jobless while amy was supportive of nick
he got upset when he discovered that amy
let her parents take most of her trust
fund without telling him while he ended
up assuring her that it was fine he
later used that incident to justify his
excessive spending
in the middle of a brewing argument with
her he received a call from margot about
their ailing mother and from then on amy
knew that things would only get worse
nick and amy moved together to missouri
but she wondered if he even wanted her
with him she felt alienated in their new
home uninvolved two days after amy's
disappearance nick goes to the volunteer
center for her
mary beth and even officer james are
turned off by how friendly nick is to
the people there to him he was just
being the polite gentleman that his
mother wanted him to be but to them he
was behaving as if nothing was wrong
when rhonda asks him about noel
hawthorne nick says he doesn't know who
she is
he then spots desi collings amy's
ex-boyfriend and tries to follow him
only to get stopped by a woman
she takes a photo with him nick puts on
a fake smile before asking her to delete
it she refuses to listen and in her
annoyance walks away from him things
start looking bad for nick
ronda's team can't find the expensive
purchases nick supposedly made in their
house and the media is attacking nick
for his smiling photos while he's
starting to unwind in margot's couch he
receives an unexpected visit from his
student andy the two of them have been
having an affair and andy even mentions
that nick promised to get a divorce with
amy he tells her to never speak about it
again and with that they sleep together
nick and amy's marriage was falling
apart and she made that very clear in
her diary he only ever used amy for
release but beyond that she didn't exist
to him when she suggested that it may be
time for them to have a baby nick got
angry their argument kept escalating
until it turned violent
nick cursed amy out and pushed her heart
making her fall down and hit her head
against the stairs post as the
investigation for the gone girl
continues ronda and james meet up with a
dealer named jason who recognizes amy's
photo
apparently she showed up there on
valentine's day desperately needing a
small gun that she could keep close he
wasn't lying either amy has a
valentine's day entry on her diary where
she wrote about needing a gun she
believed that nick truly wanted to get
rid of her and that the only thing
stopping him was her money
the next morning comes and when andy
takes her leave margot lashes out on
nick he tries to defend his choices by
bringing up how terrible amy made him
feel but margot doesn't want to hear it
instead she shows nick how much the tv
host ellen abbott is already tearing him
apart for his abnormal and supposedly
sociopathic behavior amidst his wife's
disappearance
a vigil is held for amy later that night
nick gives a more convincing speech this
time around professing his love for his
beautiful wife which upsets andy noel
interrupts his speech and demands nick
to tell everyone what he did to his
pregnant wife
amy's pregnancy comes as a surprise to
everyone and nick is forced to leave the
vigil
back in his home the first thing rhonda
does is ask nick if he knew his wife was
pregnant when nick denied the very
notion ronda proceeds to show him how
tight the noose around his neck is their
kitchen passed the luminal test with
flying colors indicating that amy lost a
lot of blood there and someone tried to
clean it up she shows him a record of
his finances that states he's over a
hundred thousand dollars in credit card
debt nick claims he never bought any of
those then comes amy's life insurance
and nick says he bumped it up because
she told him to
finally rhonda receives a call
confirming that amy is six weeks
pregnant nick wales and refuses to talk
to her again without a lawyer when
margot confronts nick he tells her that
he wanted kids but amy didn't amy
discarded the result of his fertility
test so he kept it in a box along with
all the other things that he resents her
for finally nick tells marga that maybe
he does hate amy after margot walked out
on him he expends his time trying to
crack the third clue meanwhile ronda and
james are back in the house of nick's
father as she tries to figure out what
nick was doing there that night
finally nick deciphers the clue and he
heads straight for margot's woodshed
where all of his alleged purchases are
stored
ronda on the other hand discovers amy's
lightly burned diary stashed inside the
furnace and on the very last page of the
diary amy had written at the man of her
dreams the father of her child may truly
kill her
on the day she went missing amy left
town with her new car thinking about how
much happier she was now that she's dead
before disappearing she read books
watched documentaries amy befriended
noel and fed her fabricated stories of a
volatile and temperamental neck
then she took a sample of noel's urine
so she can add pregnancy to her medical
records the credit card debt the maxed
out life insurance the profuse bleeding
on the kitchen floor the half-baked
cleaning that came after it and a
half-true entries to the diary they were
all amy's doing it was her vengeance for
the way nick reduced her into nothing
for getting lazy and becoming someone
she didn't agree to marry and for
cheating on her
now all that's left for amy is to drown
herself in a river for everyone to find
and convict nick with her murder as for
nick he seeks legal counsel from tanner
bolt he's a very expensive lawyer who
once defended nick from ellen abbott and
in turn ellen called him the patron
saint of wife killers he he agrees to
help nick out and advises him to get
other people on their side to change the
public's roast in it perception of amy
nick arranges a meeting with tommy
o'hara amy's ex-boyfriend tommy says
that amy accused him of forcing himself
on her he gave her some space until one
night amy showed up to roughly but
consensually sleep with him then the
next day cops showed up at tommy's door
amy had wounds consistent with her
claims and tommy was forced to plead
down while he didn't serve jail time
he's been unemployed since then and he's
had to register himself as a predator
through tommy's anecdote nick sees what
could happen to him if he lets amy win
and with her track record she's sure to
get away with it if he doesn't do
something after speaking with tommy nick
heads over to amy's other ex desi
she told him that she had to file a
restraining order against him and nick
tries to get dizzy's side of the story
even after all this time he's still
faithful to amy dizzy gives nick nothing
and leaves without another word
while in hiding amy gave herself a
bruise with a hammer so she can play the
part of a battered spouse in hiding she
stays in a small resort in there she
befriends greta and jeff
amy revels ellen abbott slandering nick
on cable television and she revels in
the fact that missouri has the death
penalty in her joy she makes an
anonymous call to the police about
suspicious activity near margot's
woodshed when tanner arrives in missouri
nick gives him a rundown of everything
that happened
after much consideration tanner
convinces nick to go on live television
and come forward with his infidelity he
says that people can sympathize with a
jerk who admits he's wrong and at the
moment nothing's more important than
getting the public on nick's side
nick however has a different idea what
if he only needs to reach one person as
for amy she ends up getting robbed by
greta and jeff
without any money left amy is forced to
meet with desi though it's already been
years since the two of them have been
together dizzy remains unyieldingly
loyal to her
as the two begin to leave the news
starts playing andy is in a press
conference with amy's parents and she
admits to her affair with nick
mary beth publicly disowns him as her
son-in-law before announcing that she
and her husband definitely believe that
he has a part in amy's disappearance
since andy had beat them to it nick's
team is in a pinch tanner tries to call
the whole thing off but nick promises he
has this under control
at his insistence they proceed with the
interview
the night nick's interview airs amy is
in desi's lake house and she watches the
television like a hawk
nick admits that before he met amy he
was just a mediocre guy who pretended to
be someone better someone that she would
like and these are the words that amy
wants to hear her eyes widen as nick
says he's taken himself to the woodshed
for the way he's treated her he begs her
to come home and if she does he promises
to be the man he promised her he would
be
nick covers his chin when he tells her
that he loves her just like he did in
the beginning just as they anticipated
nick's interview completely transformed
the public's opinion of him they went
from hating him to loving him but before
they could celebrate sirens blare from
the distance and rhonda shows up with a
warrant to search margo's shed
while rhonda has repeatedly given nick
the benefit of the doubt seeing all the
items in the woodshed was the last straw
for her
the police take margot and but tanner
assures nick that they're only doing
that to mess with him since there's no
body and murder weapon tanner remains
confident in their case the tide quickly
changes however when ronda brings nick
in for questioning with amy's diary and
a murder weapon found in his fireplace
nick is charged for the murder of his
wife
his imprisonment doesn't last long
though thanks to tanner nick's out on
bond and he can stay at home to prepare
for the trial
at this point nick is unfazed by the
mobs coming after him he maintains a
steely look on his face and dares amy to
come home meanwhile amy has successfully
planted the seeds of her escape
she's starting to look more like the
older and desi is hopelessly enamored
the morning before he goes to work she
kisses him hard until his lips bleed
before tousling his shirt as desi leaves
with his disheveled look caught in the
security cameras amy goes on to soak the
end of her nightgown in red wine without
missing a beat she crawls over to the
door and begins wailing looking as if
she's been roughly assaulted while
everything's being recorded that evening
amy puts on a seductive and needy act
while she welcomes desi home and rushes
him to sleep with her she tells him to
go hard and while he's lost in pure
bliss she slashes desi across his throat
with a box cutter she lets his blood
pour all over her then wrestles him with
ease mounting him and restraining him
until he's dead on the 30th day of his
wife's disappearance nick wakes to the
sound of a car pulling over in front of
his house he goes to check it out and
there she is amazing amy in all her
bloody glory nick could only look at her
in disbelief but once she's close enough
he curses her before she dramatically
falls to his arms with the media
surrounding them amy is admitted to a
hospital to get checked for her
condition now that rhonda knows nick
didn't kill his wife her suspicion has
fully shifted to amy neither she nor
nick believes a lick of her story amy
claims that desi kidnapped her and kept
her in his lake house using her
endlessly until she escaped ronda tries
to point out the inconsistencies in the
entire narrative but everyone dismisses
her preferring to focus on amy's story
and enemies story alone once they're
back home amy makes nick shower with her
to make sure that he isn't wired
she demands to have the same nick who
begged her to save his life on national
television and when nick promises to
leave she reminds him that everyone will
destroy him if he does in the end she
tells nick to sleep on his decision and
upon hearing those words the hope and
energy drains from nick's face he
obliges amy reigns victoria says
america's sweetheart once again
she has the media eating out of the palm
of her hands and neck margot and rhonda
couldn't be any more displeased since
he's not at risk anymore tanner leaves
and nick tries to convince rhonda to
pursue the case as much as rhonda wants
to it's no longer in her hands
seven weeks into amy's return nick is
forced to welcome ellen abbott into his
home despite all the dirt she smeared on
his name she remains flippant about it
justifying that she simply goes where
the story goes without apologizing once
ever the gentleman nick maintains his
composure and he simply goes to find amy
upstairs
this is when amy drops the next
bombshell on him she's pregnant with his
child
she used nyx sperm sample from the
fertility clinic and now she's trapping
him with her pregnancy
she promises that if he leaves now their
child will grow to hate nick out of his
own accord nick has already reached his
limit he grabs amy by her face then
slams her against the wall
amy is unfazed coldly telling him that
he only liked himself when he was trying
to be someone she could like
she warns him that he will never be
happy with any other girl but her
perturbed nick admits that while he did
love her all they ever did was resent
each other try to control each other and
cause each other pain amy's response is
simple she tells him that's marriage
nick is left speechless
the two of them head down the stairs to
attend the interview with ellen nick
maintains his smile even when he reveals
that the two of them are going to be
parents but the smile quickly fades when
ellen goes to hug and congratulate his
wife when nick tells margo that he's
going to stay with amy for his child she
is completely heartbroken he tries to
reason that he's doing this for his baby
but margot accuses him of wanting to
stay with amy she is devastated and nick
is devoid of any hope with amy lying
against him and he's left to wonder what
is she thinking what have they done to
each other what will they do subscribe
to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out thank
you for watching
[Music]
you